SAUL:
Previously on Homeland...
Sandy's death was no act
of mob violence.
It was premeditated.
The ISI killed him.
Straight out.
Name's Farhad Ghazi.
A long history of wet work for
their counterterrorism unit.
Hello, Professor.
DENNIS:
I am the husband
of the American ambassador.
What do you want?
I've told you already.
A package arrives
at the FBI headquarters
in Washington, D.C.
Inside are the documents you
stole from your wife's computer.
You're arrested for treason,
and your wife's career
is destroyed
by association.
Once you've done
all I've asked,
you can leave Islamabad.
You did the psych eval, too?
I just have my very last
polygraph, then I'm out.
Well, I guess I'm even more
grateful that you're here now.
Anything for you, Carrie.
Is that the real reason you
didn't come with me to Kabul?
Haissam Haqqani's alive.
Well, it... That's impossible.
He was killed in the air strike.
Apparently not,
because I just saw him
walk out of a madrassa
with Aayan Ibrahim.
He was with Aayan?
So this is where
you'll stay.
I thought... I thought
we were going to London.
We are, once I get you
a passport and a visa.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
MARTHA: It's Alice
in fucking Wonderland.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
CARRIE:
Where are you?
QUINN:
I'm at a safe distance.
...clipped an artery.
(Carrie screams)
Hold on.
SAUL:
I know a way.
(speaking Arabic)
ANDREA MITCHELL:
First, the U.S. found
and killed
Osama bin Laden outside...
(crowd clamoring)
CARRIE:
You will die over there!
HILLARY CLINTON: You can't
keep snakes in your backyard
and expect them
only to bite your neighbors.
JOHN KERRY: There are things
that the Pakistanis have done,
as complicated as
the relationship has been.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
SAUL:
I'm so sorry.
BRODY:
I have to say good-bye now.
CARRIE:
Just for a few more seconds.
(birds chirping)
(Carrie sighs)
Oh.
I-I was just, uh...
Looking.
No.
Yeah. Sorry.
It's okay.
Um...
I...
Sh... Should I leave?
Leave?
No.
No. Let's have breakfast.
I'll get us something.
Uh, I'll go.
It's best you stay out of sight.
You all right?
Yeah.
A bit overwhelming.
You like pastries, coffee?
Sure.
Good. I'll see you soon.
All day, no questions asked.
What's it for? Sex?
He just said no questions
asked.
I am respectable. My shop
is respectable.
30,000 rupees. No sex.
Okay then.
Go check out the view.
Yup.
It's good.
That's right
where I saw Haqqani.
Okay.
Make yourself comfortable.
We really expect him
to show his face again?
Doubtful, but we might I.D.
the cleric you saw him with.
(sighs)
What's that for?
In case Haqqani does show.
I thought
this was just a stakeout.
It is, but things happen.
If that happens,
what's our fallback plan?
Parvez and Qadir
are working that out now.
That sounds vague.
Fara, what's the problem?
Carrie said I just had to sit
in an office, play a journalist.
Then you went the extra mile.
You tailed Aayan,
and you spotted Haqqani.
Yeah.
You're in it now.
Great.
Guess what.
You're good at it.
SAUL: I got to say,
it feels funny
to be leaving
just when things are heating up.
You're the former director,
Saul.
Lockhart needs
to hear it from you.
Keep his mouth shut.
He's taking a lot of heat
for the strike on the wedding.
He would love to deflect that
with news of an ISI conspiracy.
I'll lay it
out for him,
but we both know he's
a political animal.
Well, if he can't
control himself,
our operation
on Haqqani's fucked.
Hmm.
So what's the plan to find him?
I'm working on the nephew now.
He's our gateway.
How's that going?
Good. Good.
Think that he's recruitable?
He's young, emotional.
One step at a time.
The first one's the biggest.
Getting him to admit
Haqqani's actually alive.
He'd have to know he was risking
his life by telling you.
Yeah.
How long you have?
Three days.
After that, he starts wondering
why we aren't
on our way to London.
Three days.
To develop that kind of trust?
That's a tall fucking order.
Well, thanks
for pointing that out.
(chuckles)
Got to jump. Good luck.
I'll call you from D.C.
Do that. Safe travels.
(engine starts,
car doors closing)
(door opens)
(door closes)
Aayan, what are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I have changed my mind.
What do you mean?
I have to go.
Go where?
I'll be fine. I'll go
to my friend Kiran's house.
And her father will
throw you out again.
I'll go to school.
You've been expelled.
Look, I'm sorry. I can't stay.
Hey, Aayan,
lay of the land.
You're a public
figure now.
Not just in Pakistan.
In Europe, in the
United States.
I've heard all this, so...
Well, believe it.
That video has made you
a target.
The strike that
killed your family--
you know who did
that, right?
Yes, CIA.
And you are a living,
breathing reminder
of that fuckup.
Why do they care?!
They care,
and they have a kill list.
Yesterday, you told me I should
be worried about the ISI.
Now, today, you're telling me I
should be worried about the CIA.
You should be worried
about both.
I did not put that video up!
That doesn't matter!
It's up, and you're in danger,
so don't be stupid.
You walk out that door,
you will be grabbed up,
disappeared.
Do you understand?
You feel bad, right?
About what we did.
It's against my faith.
I know.
I-I don't want to sin.
I want to be devout.
It's fine.
We don't have
to do anything, okay?
Okay.
But your situation
is very serious.
You do not leave here
until we go to London.
(sighs)
MARTHA:
I'm not gonna last
an hour in these shoes.
(sighs)
Hey, you booked tonight?
The Sindhi concert.
You're invited.
I've heard enough
Pakistani music to last
a lifetime, if
you don't mind.
I figured.
Listen.
Yes.
I know you're mad.
That you're leaving?
After giving me 24-hour notice?
Not at all.
But I have
some good news.
I changed my mind.
Is that right?
It was a hasty decision,
and it was unfair to you.
I talked to Bill
about maybe next semester.
My, another turn of events.
You're clearly very pleased.
I have a staff meeting.
I just said I'm staying,
so what's the problem now?
Do you really think I believed
you had a job offer?
Excuse me?
I have friends
at GW, too.
You don't recover
from plagiarism, Dennis.
Can we ever get over that?
So don't make up a story.
If you want to leave,
say it to my face.
I want to stay.
Why?
So how long
have you known Carrie?
Two years, more or less.
Really?
I would have thought
you guys go way back.
Yeah, it feels
that way sometimes.
Hmm. She's just one
of those people.
You connect.
Yeah.
So does that make you
a professional liar, too?
She told me I have to become one
to be good at this job.
Well, you're learning
from the best.
Why'd you say it like that?
Manipulating people,
exploiting their weakness...
It can get ugly sometimes.
Is that the plan with Aayan?
What?
Lie, manipulate, exploit.
We're using the enemy's
own weight to bring him down.
That is the job.
Second floor, that's him.
(shutter clicks)
You sure?
Yes. He was with Aayan
and Haqqani.
Good eyes.
(breathing heavily):
Thanks.
And I didn't
have to shoot anyone.
TASNEEM: If you need to
change out vehicles, do it.
Stay on the ground.
Stay small, but
find out how
she's getting in and
out of that compound.
Saul Berenson.
(Tasneem speaks Urdu)
He's on a plane to Washington,
D.C., tonight via London.
Flight information's
inside.
Has he confirmed his seat?
The embassy travel office
did it this morning.
He was originally scheduled
to leave two days ago
and to fly out to New York.
Why the change of plans?
He met with Carrie
Mathison at the hotel,
after which he placed
a call to General Latif
and arranged
lunch-- I think.
You know what
happened after that.
Yes.
It's a strange game
they're playing.
Agreed. He was
her mentor, you said?
Yeah.
And where is he now?
In the hotel gardens.
Working on his Finnish,
best I can tell.
Finnish?
Rosetta Stone tapes.
(scoffs)
He can take his self-improvement
back to America,
as far as I'm concerned.
Good riddance.
(door buzzer sounding)
(knocking)
Excuse me.
Is this Carrie Mathison's
apartment?
The new station chief?
Yeah. Though I don't think
we're supposed
to say that out loud.
Well, it's where the old station
chief lived, so I guess.
Thanks. A little, uh,
welcome gift
from the ambassador.
(mutters quietly)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
(dialing phone)
(line ringing)
CARRIE (recorded):
Hi. It's Carrie Mathison.
Leave a message.
Carrie, your guy--
Farhad Ghazi--
ISI thug--
he's here at the airport.
Call me.
Hi.
Could you help me out, sir?
Thanks a lot.
Thank you. Sorry,
I'm gonna miss my plane.
Appreciate it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey.
Right there, please.
Okay?
Thank you. Yeah.
(beep)
Hey.
S... Sorry. Here.
Here.
(speaks Urdu)
Thanks, man.
(sighs)
Fuck.
Oh, sorry.
Oh.
Thanks.
(sighs)
Aayan Ibrahim, interview one.
Ground rules:
I won't put anything
in the piece you don't want.
You have full veto power.
Okay.
(clears throat)
Um...
we'll start
with your uncle.
Haissam Haqqani.
What about him?
He's a famous Taliban leader,
the... target of the air strike
on your village.
How well did you know him?
Um, he was my father's brother.
And we were close.
Um...
When I was young, he was...
he was around a lot
and, uh, yeah.
Then he wasn't.
Where'd he go?
To the mountains.
To fight.
To hide.
Um...
yeah, and the drones
were still after him.
What kind of a man was he?
Two things guided his life.
Uh, Islam and...
his Taliban bravery.
So you liked him.
Uh...
he used to pour tea
from his cup on his saucer
and slurp it really loudly
to make me laugh.
He'd come to me
and he'd say, um,
"I've seen more battles
than hairs on your head."
(chuckles softly)
He was a hero to you.
Well, he beat the Soviet Union.
And the Soviet Union collapsed.
So...
How'd he feel about America?
He knew how to beat you, too.
Do you want to hear
something crazy?
There's a...
There's a rumor going around
that your uncle
wasn't killed in the attack.
No, no, no,
that's-that's not t...
that's not true.
That's not true.
I saw him. I saw his body.
He was there.
How can people
say things like this?
This is...
Hey, take it easy.
Take it easy?
Look, this just came
from a bunch of spooks
sitting around
with nothing better to do.
No, fuck them.
So there's nothing to it.
I'm not...
I didn't think
that there was.
It's insulting.
It's... just...
What?
If he is alive,
it makes you wonder
if he knew
the strike was coming.
That's not what happened.
Okay.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
(clattering)
Oh.
(line ringing)
(phone vibrates)
Hello?
Quinn. I'm at the airport.
I'm looking at Farhad Ghazi
as we speak.
What?
He's at the gate,
about to board a plane
for Johannesburg.
Flight number?
East India Air...
number 223.
Got it.
I presume we still have
some warm bodies in South Africa
who can pick up his trail there?
Hasn't all gone to shit
since you left, Saul.
Assume our man gets on the plane
unless I call
to tell you otherwise.
Copy that.
Carrie there?
No.
Still with the boy?
Yeah.
You let her know about this.
Will do. Thanks.
Can I have a small
orange juice, please?
(sighs):
Oh, my God.
Peter Quinn around?
In the field.
Reachable?
Unlikely.
Oh.
Is there something
I can do for you?
Uh, oh, he helps me
sometimes with...
Dennis?
How'd you know?
I'm a spy. I know shit.
(chuckles softly)
Security called
from the Chatsworth.
He's in the bar, belligerent.
On my way.
I'm sorry.
(laughs softly)
I'm embarrassed.
Don't be.
I've been that guy.
(water splashing softly)
So how long does the
silent treatment go on?
I'm just tired.
Not angry?
'Cause I can do that
to people sometimes.
Make them angry.
It's... it's just, it's...
it's hard to talk
about some things.
Yeah.
Hey, Aayan?
I want to be totally
honest with you.
Okay.
Just so there won't be any
surprises when we get to London.
Okay, well,
what is it?
I have a baby.
I know.
Saw the scar.
(laughs):
Ah, right, I forgot.
Doctor.
Boy or girl?
Girl.
Francis-- after my dad.
And what about her father--
is he... is he still in London?
Uh, no. He died.
Oh.
Before she was born.
What happened to him?
Um...
He was killed
in the line of duty.
Military?
No, he was a journalist, too.
Um... on an assignment
that was...
(sighs)
...too dangerous.
Why'd he... why'd he go?
It was my fault-- I sent him.
Anyway, we don't have
to talk about it.
No. I...
I d... I don't mind.
Usually, I keep it to myself.
Yeah.
What about... her?
Will you tell her
when she's older?
How can I? How can I tell her?
I'm the reason her dad is gone.
How can you not?
Well, thanks for telling me.
I'm really sorry
about your husband.
What?
Well, he was never my husband.
(choked up):
Though I would have...
I would have liked that.
(man singing call to prayer
in distance)
I'll leave you alone.
No.
Stay.
Don't you want to pray?
Can I...
can I touch you again?
I felt silly
last night.
Why?
(quietly):
I didn't know how.
(laughing)
You did though.
I took. I didn't...
you know, I didn't give.
Well, you're...
you're new at this. It's...
How do I give?
I'll show you.
After prayers.
(Carrie panting)
(sniffles)
What? Am I hurting you?
No.
Did I do something wrong?
No, Aayan. I'm...
I'm happy.
You just make me happy.
He was a great guy,
Sandy was.
I don't know
how great he was,
but he was all right
to drink with.
No, he was.
Look...
he got me in a
lot of trouble.
How so?
Can I confide in you?
Shoot.
I got a big fucking
cloud over me.
I'm talking a
world of trouble.
With Martha?
Worse.
If there was a way
out, I'd take it.
So run it by me.
TASNEEM:
Hey.
Some friendly faces.
(speaking Urdu)
Professor Boyd, right?
That-that's right.
The ambassador
lets you roam free.
On occasion, yeah.
(Tasneem laughs)
So, what brings you
to this spot?
I'm just meeting a friend.
I didn't realize
you two were close.
Embassy's a small place.
Of course.
Well, enjoy the evening,
gentlemen.
(speaking Urdu)
What's her story?
ISI.
Ball buster, Pakistani style.
Ah, great.
She's probably
on the job right now.
Why's that?
Muslim woman at a bar
in an American hotel?
Anyway, you, uh...
you ready to go?
There was something
you were gonna tell me.
Hmm?
Big cloud, you said.
No, no, nothing.
Forget it.
You sure?
Yeah. I've overstayed
my welcome here.
Let's hit it.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
(grunts)
(line ringing)
(phone rings)
It's done.
Good.
FARA: How do you say,
"Is it safe?"
(speaking Urdu)
(repeats badly)
(chuckles)
No, no, no.
(speaking Urdu)
(chuckles) What?
It's too... It's too long.
(Urdu continues)
You're getting it wrong
from the beginning.
Parvez.
(camera clicking)
Cleric's on the move.
On foot?
Heading south.
I'll get the car.
FARA:
You got photos of him?
Done.
Where's this guy going
this time of night?
QUINN: Good question.
Bird's-eye view would help.
We're off the books.
How do we get a drone?
We gotta let someone in on
the operation. Redmond, maybe.
Can we make that call?
It has to be Carrie.
FARA (sighs):
I'll try her.
(horns honking)
Fuck you!
FARA:
No answer.
What is this bullshit?
Where is she?
I haven't heard
from her all day.
Well, call her again.
We need the drone.
(grunting)
You okay?
Of course.
MARTHA (quietly):
Did anyone recognize you?
Just the manager,
and... he'll keep quiet.
MARTHA:
I owe you, John.
REDMOND:
No sweat.
MARTHA: There's a theory
men secretly fear
their wives are crazy
and women secretly fear
their husbands...
are losers.
Dennis isn't a bad guy.
MARTHA: 20 years ago,
he was wonderful.
(exhales)
He was... dashing,
dazzling.
I can see that.
A bright light.
But that guy's gone.
Get some sleep, huh?
(sighs)
(door closes)
FARA:
Where does this road go?
The mountains.
Taliban country?
Yup.
Okay, I'm trying to be ballsy
here, but I'm not into suicide.
Another two, three miles,
we'll be in the no-go area.
Believe it or not, I don't have
a death wish, either.
(speaking Urdu)
Well, what now?
You up for taking a walk?
What's that, a tracker?
See if you can get close enough
to place it on the car.
I'd do it myself
if I wasn't white.
That's the magnetic side.
(speaking Urdu)
(line ringing)
CARRIE (recorded):
Hi. It's Carrie Mathison.
Leave a message.
(sighs) Carrie, it's Quinn.
If we don't get a drone on this
cleric in the next five minutes,
he's in the wind.
So it'd be really great
if you'd answer
your fucking phone.
(speaking Urdu)
Go back.
I was just.
I told you to go back.
Come on, Fara.
Go back to your car.
(grunts)
Fuck me.
(camera clicking)
(clattering)
Shit.
(camera clicking)
(birds chirping)
(knocking)
(grunts)
(knocking continues)
Ever heard of protocol?
Ever heard of the phone?
I'm fucking busy.
You have gone completely AWOL.
That is bullshit.
Well, here I am.
So what's your big emergency?
There of two of
them. Number one,
Saul found Farhad Ghazi.
Where?
He's flying to
Johannesburg as we speak.
Agency's gonna pick up the trail
when he lands.
All right, so you handled it.
That's not the point.
What, you want a gold star?
We also found the cleric.
Okay, two gold stars.
But without a drone,
which you
could've secured
in five minutes,
he slipped away.
Fuck.
Yes, you crapped
the fucking bed.
You're wrong, Quinn. You don't
know what you're talking about.
Then why don't you tell me,
then. Why don't you tell me
just what it is
you're doing in there.
I'm recruiting someone.
Really?
'Cause to me it looks like
you're fucking a child.
I had two days!
I had to move fast.
Is there no line, Carrie?
Is there no fucking line?
What's it to you anyway?
Nothing.
Okay, then.
Enjoy.
All right.
(man singing call to prayer)
(door closes)
Aayan?
(call to prayer continues)
There you are.
Who was at the door?
One of my stringers.
Stringers?
Freelancers.
It's beautiful, right?
Yes. It is.
I have to tell
you something.
Before anything more.
Uh... he is alive.
My uncle.
I see him.
I take him medicine.
He's-he's very,
very sick.
Yeah, yeah.
I had to tell you.
I don't want to...
lie to you anymore.
I don't want to lie
to you, either.
It's a secret though.
You can't...
you can't write
about it.
But, Aayan...
You can't tell anyone.
Okay. I won't.
He's the only family
I have left.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH